# Steve Jobs
Steve Jobs was a pioneer in user interface and consumer technology. With the intoduction of Computers it wasn't really user friendly when it came to newbies trying to use a computer, Steve Jobs changed that. Jobs make technology accessible and enjoyable for everyday users, by makeing a GUI for everyone to use and make things simple. 'Steve Jobs: The Man Who Shaped Technology'. Steve Jobs was born February 24, 2955, San Franciso, California, U.S. and died October 5, 2011, Palo Alto, California. Steven Paul Jobs was the co-founder of Apple Inc but before that he was a kid. Jobs was raised by adoptive parents in Cupertino, California where his interests in engineering arised. He dropped out of Reed College and took a job at Atari Corporation as a video game designer in early 1974. In late 1974 Jobs reconnected with Stephen Wozniak a former high school friend. When Wozniak told Jobs of his progress in desiging his own computer logic board, Jobs sugggested taht they go into business together. Wozniak's design in 1976 was eventually called Apple I. In 1979 Jobs led a small group of Apple engineers to a new technology advacment to how the GUI could make computers easier to use and more efficient. Through Jobs strong and powerful marketing he created and launched Apple products to high height. Steve Jobs emphasis on user experience and intuitive design as well as Graphical User Interface led to the one of the biggest changes in technological advancement we have had.

### Sources
- Britannica.com
- Roomnet.com